Core Features:

1.  User Authentication
  We first need a login page/background with which we would ask them for their emails and passwords or ask them to make an account.
  If they dint have an account we should link them to a page where they can create a username, add a profile picture, and give a tutorial on how to use our app.

2. Messaging
  We are gonna need private message rooms between 2 people
  We also need group message rooms where multiple people can join and send and recieve messages
  Emojis, gifs, and screenshots/pictures should all be able to be sent and recieved through these rooms.
  A person should be able to tell if their message was sent to the recipient, and read by them.

3. Groups
  Branching off what we said about groups, we should be able to create, leave, and join groups.
  When someone creates a group they should be given a tutorial on how to personalize their server, and also add permissions on it.

4. Notifications
  People should know if someone has sent a message, and should be able to customize which servers they get a notifiation from.
  When the sender is typing a message, the reciever should be able to see this, but it shouldn't show if the user has been AFK (away from keyboard)

5.Filtering
  People should be able to search through their message history
  It should be able to be filtered by date, sender, and media.

6.Profiles
  Just like discord we should have statuses:
      Offline, Online, DND, and Away
  User descriptions should be available on a person's profile when you click on them.

7. Friends
  Users should be able to add their friends to message them or invite them to a group.
  Adding their friends should be a simple process where we link each account with a designated username, with which someone can type in and add a person directly.

8. Server Security
  Owners/Creators of servers should be able to kick/ban/timeout people from their server, and also give people permission to do it to others as well
  Custom roles for specific people should also be able to be handed out and customized.

9. App Safety
  There should be a report feature for toxic users, hackers, or spam accounts who have gotten multiple reports from various users.

10.Customization
  We can add simple stuff like dark mode and light mode for our app.
  Or we can go more in depths and put color themes for people to choose from.
  People should be able to change how large the text is, and what font it is.

11. Brand
  Need to decide on a name for our app
  Decide on what logo it should have
  What colorway it should be in
  Slogan
        
